soon from Walt Disney Pictures when he
shrunk the kids he promised his
shrinking days were over
all right shrink machine last time but
Rick Moranis has done it again
we have critical mass only this time are
we shrunk juice runkis he still got a
few funds to work out
from the makers of the smash yet Honey I
Shrunk the Kids comes a hilarious new
movie honey we shrunk ourselves your
radius watch of you guys take it step on
us now they'll go to any lengths skirts
and any heights to get the kids
attention before it's too late
you can't have a party for your boy some
believe it
[Music]
you're three quarters of an inch tall
eats the fastest
it's a job
it's the funny I don't think we're using
a fabric sighs John hang on
too much
[Music]
it's still tastiest their teenage girls
how much candy and it's the wildest
motion picture event of the year honey
we shrunk ourselves no dad I didn't like
those boys over coming exclusively to
videos
[Music]